Hello and welcome to the No Such Things as Fish Queens Jubilee Garden Party!
Woo!
Dan Schreiber is over there getting together all of his dubious memorabilia about the Role Family that he bought off eBay.
Alex Bell is over there, alphabetising all of his VHS's of the Queen's Speech from over the years, filing them all under Q.
There's Anna at the Pim's Tent drinking it dry and there's Andy making a portrait of one of the Queen's Sons out of moss.
Oh, not that one, Andy. Oh, no.
Anyway, we are here today because we have an extra day off work and we thought what better than to give you a sneaky bonus episode of Fish.
So here is another mini compilation of 30 minutes of silliness. Really hope you enjoy it.
We'll be back again next week with a normal episode, but in the meantime, on with the podcast!
[Music]
All right, it is time for our final fact and that is Andy's fact.
Andy's fact this week is that!
What was that? Are you objecting to how I presented that?
No, no. You're doing a great job. Keep it up.
Yeah, thank you. I'm mixing it up a bit. You know, you try something new. It doesn't work. You move on.
Please, Andy. This is Andy's little nugget of joy coming up next.
You really threw Andy there. Like, I think I could see Andy was just completely thrown.
He looked at what he's written on his hand and went, "I don't know what to do now."
She's gone off script. No. Mum, let me out.
This is something that's not very well-sourced, so forgive me, but I know very slightly know someone whose dad used to be in the Navy.
Right. And the claim from him is that, stick with it.
He says that the last case of scurvy that happened in the Royal Navy, the British Royal Navy, was in the 1970s.
Really? Really? Nice.
Didn't James Blunt claim that he had scurvy?
Yes, he did. He said that he was James Blunt.
Sorry. You know, this is according to him, so whether this is true or not.
So, he said he was at university and all the people in his class were all vegans and vegetarians.
And he was really, he didn't like this and he thought, "Right, I'm going to stick it to them and somehow stick it to them by only eating meat."
And so he decided that all he was going to eat was mince and bacon and stuff like that.
And he went on just a meat-only diet and he said that after a while he went to his doctor and his doctor said, "Yeah, you've got scurvy."
Wow. I'm slightly suspicious of that, partly because there is vitamin C in meat, as long as it's fresh meat.
There's vitamin C in that. He was one of the reasons... He was only eating very old meat, that's the thing.
He's very teeth-plunged and he will only eat very discounted elderly meat.
He said that he lived on mince, some chicken and maybe some mayonnaise.
God. And then he said that his doctor said that he might have scurvy and so he took to drinking orange juice every night.
And then he got acid reflux, so it was a bad time for old blunts.
Way to stick it to the vegetarians though. They must have really regretted their life choices.
The helicopter method, they used that in the early days of the pandemic, didn't they, where they were getting people to go off parks.
And so, yeah, yeah, they would bring helicopters in and just tilt them in the wind, just trying to push people off them.
Really? Yeah. Have you not seen the corners of that?
That just seems quite dangerous to fly a helicopter so low as well.
It does seem a bit dangerous, I guess with the angle they were just pushing a push down wind.
You don't mean they were physically using the draft of the helicopter blades to push people out of parks.
They were telling them to get off and they were giving them a message with the wind.
I don't think the wind was so great, they were literally...
One of the great joys of the pandemic was looking out of your window to see people flying past.
Has anyone had a Vietnamese dish called Cao Lào?
No, don't think so.
Has anyone been to Vietnam? No, no. Well, then you definitely haven't had it.
Is it only allowed to be sold there?
It's not that. You can only make it in a very specific town called Hai An.
Right, why do you think you can only make this in that particular town?
It's a noodle dish.
There's only... Okay, the noodles come from a special kind of wheat, which is grown only in Hai An.
It's a secret ingredient from a lady called Anne.
Much better, much better.
What it is, you're not going to guess, Anne, are you?
Is it you have to greet the person who makes it with your Hai?
There's only one person who makes it. They've trademarked it and they say Hai
and then give you this noodle dish so you have to meet them.
I really like the way you thought that maybe it's because it's called Hai An.
Probably I pronounced that wrong, so...
But anyway, so the reason you can only make it here is because you need to use a very specific
water for the noodles and it has to come out of a very particular well in the town.
And if you don't take the water out of this well, they're not authentic noodles.
So it's like herbs with noodles on top and then crispy pork on top of that.
But the noodles have to be made with this very specific water
and they have to be mixed with the ash from the wood of a very specific local tree.
So you're kind of close with your wheat thing, Anne, called Kajaput.
And apparently, if you do that, it gives...
The water's got alum in and a few other minerals and it gives the noodles a real chewy texture
and a burnt flavour that you can't get anywhere else in the world.
Oh, that's so cool.
It is cool.
James, have you...
I've never been to Vietnam.
I was going to say, have you travelled specifically to Vietnam?
If I ever go to Vietnam, I'm going here.
There's no doubt about that, but no, I haven't.
Oh, say hi to Anne when you're there.
You know, we were talking about setting fire to things earlier, the ashes.
Okay, so that's Australia versus England.
And the story goes that in 1882, Australia beat England
and one of the newspapers called it the death of English cricket
and that the body will be cremated and the ashes taken to Australia.
And so they supposedly burnt the bales of the cricket wickets
and they put it in a little urn and that became the prize and that's the prize we use today,
which is very amusing and whatever, but probably not for the relatives of a man
who was at the match in 1882 and died in the middle of the match.
Oh, ouch, ouch.
Oh, no.
So they did this kind of fake thing about all the death of cricket
and burned all the ashes and put them in an urn and stuff
and there was a guy who actually died in the match.
Wow, but they didn't incorporate him.
No, no.
Okay.
But that was, when did you say that?
That was 1882.
1882, yeah.
Because do you remember we talked about cremation a few weeks ago?
Yeah.
And it was a kind of a new science at the time
and it was actually quite controversial and it was just starting out.
That's really interesting.
Early crematoria were, there was only about one in the UK at the time.
So probably the reason was it was quite zeitgeisty at the time, right?
Yeah.
That's why they thought we'll burn the ashes and that's why we have the ashes
because cremation was zeitgeisty at the time.
Wow.
We could have buried them in a graveyard.
But they're in a museum here, aren't they?
Yeah, they stay in lords all the time.
They stay in lords and the museum has, it's got the ashes
and it's also got a dead bird just sitting there.
Does it?
Yeah, it was a bird that was killed during a match, a famous match and yeah.
It was kind of killed.
As in by a ball hitter.
I think a flying ball hitter or a batsman accidentally.
Yeah, something occurred.
The bird died and it's now in the museum.
It was a robin and the batsman because they didn't have the sight screens
at the time, the robin got confused and smashed it from the sky.
Duck is also a thing in cricket that you could have used in that joke as well.
Yeah, but not a birdie because that's the wrong sport.
That's a golfing thing, isn't it?
Like an an eagle as well.
All these paths that might have been for that one.
Not very good joke.
Paul Morgan in 2018 had the longest birthday ever
enjoyed by anyone on the planet.
He had a 48 hour birthday.
Did he do it with an international date line?
He said he did, he lives in Hawaii.
He lives in Hawaii.
He flew from Samoa to Auckland to Los Angeles and then back to Hawaii
and he had to cross the international date line in one very narrow window.
So there was a one hour period where the two time zones he was crossing
were in the same day, if you see what I mean.
And he had to cross in that one hour window
and he made it by one minute and five seconds.
That's so impressive.
If the flight, the plane he was on,
which he had no control over obviously was a passenger flight,
had been two minutes earlier, it would all have been for nothing.
I mean arguably it was all for nothing.
Yeah, because he had a really long birthday
but it was all spent on an aeroplane.
Exactly, he spent his entire 48 hours on a cramped airline.
Yeah, and it's like you live in Hawaii, dude.
Just stay in Hawaii and have an amazing time.
Yeah.
Have you guys heard of St Kevin and the Nettles?
Sounds like a band.
It does be a great band.
Really does.
I'm St Kevin and these are the Nettles.
I can't figure out who sounds more lame.
Kevin or his Nettles.
St Kevin, was he either feeling he was either an Irish or a Welsh saint
and probably wrong about this,
but I think he once floated to Ireland on the leaf.
But am I wrong about that?
Well, he was Irish.
I actually don't know about his leaf based record.
It sounds entirely plausible.
In Saint World.
Yeah, that sounds like small potatoes.
Yeah. So there are two stories about him in Nettles.
One is that he only lived on Nettles for a while during Lent
and started losing a lot of weight,
and then someone started sneaking in food.
The other story is that he was, when he was young,
he was in the wilderness and he was praying.
And a young lady was passing by, beautiful young lady,
and fell madly in love with him because he was very, very hot young.
I didn't even know if he was a saint at this point.
He was just a hot young priest having a pray and she saw it.
She could say in the future I fancied him before he was a saint.
You know, back when he was just a humble, hot young priest.
And he thought a lot of her too.
And so, to cure his lust, he rolled in a bed of Nettles
until his lust was cooled.
And he also suggested she do the same thing.
And she did.
And later on she became a nun.
And no one had any fun at all.
And that's the story.
And that's how you're raising your children, isn't it Andy?
If someone turns up at your house to live your Grammy,
would they be a Grammy, Graham?
Very good.
Like a kiss a Graham or a...
Yeah, no, you're nice.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you get it?
Yeah. Good, yeah.
So that's a...
Yes.
Yeah.
No, it's a joke.
If you're listening to this,
it might feel like someone edited in a pause.
That actually was how long it took everyone to recover from that joke.
Sometimes people just try to hold it together in these recording sessions
and it's just, you know.
Anyway, just one quick thing on jet engines.
Oh, yeah.
I was reading about the procedures
by which they test jet engines these days.
Because I know, I think we've mentioned before,
the chicken cannon, where they fire a bird.
So that's Royce used to fire frozen chickens.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
And there are all these procedures.
So there's General Electric have these machines
which have to create any weather for the engine.
So you see what I mean?
They're testing the jet engine in a big harness.
When they say any weather,
they probably don't do like just a nice day.
They don't do gentle breeze clouds.
They just do the extreme weather, that's right.
Imagine that.
They only test the engine in extreme conditions.
They don't realize that's the one thing it can't cope with.
It's clement weather.
It's like 12 degrees, a little bit of a breeze.
But a nice sunny day.
So that when you're in the sun,
it actually feels quite warm.
But when you're in...
No.
Disaster.
Yeah.
But there's, so there's one other they do,
which is called the blade off procedure.
And I don't know if we've mentioned this actually,
where they explode one of the blades at the base
to see what happens.
But I mean, to see that the engine can stay functioning
even if it loses a blade.
It's kind of reassuring
because they test these things so rigorously, you know.
What's the answer?
Can it just in case that happens?
Sometimes it passes, sometimes it fails
and they normally wave it through in either case.
Some of the most famous stained glass in England,
anyway, is at Canterbury Cathedral.
And there's some which is so old that, you know,
so Thomas Beckett, the Archbishop was killed in...
1170.
Yeah.
So there are some windows which are older than that,
meaning that they would have been in place at the time.
But there are also,
there are windows that were created slightly later,
which are referring to all the miracles
that were done by Thomas Beckett after he died.
Didn't we talk about him before?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He was, his body was turned into some kind of homeopathic medicine.
Basically, yeah, you would, yeah, exactly.
They used some of his blood and they diluted it so much,
but then they kept selling the water.
And so, but there are incredible scenes
in the stained glass window of people coming and being healed.
So one of them is Islewood of Westoning,
who prayed to St. Thomas after he was blinded
and castrated for petty theft.
He'd committed some petty theft
and he was blinded and castrated as a result,
which feels harsh.
It feels harsh.
He went to Canterbury, prayed to Thomas
and his genitals were restored big time.
Big time.
The window, there's a stained glass window, which shows...
No, it can't.
No, no, no, it doesn't change.
I'm letting it finish.
It shows him after the prayer and after the miracle
and behind him is a tree, which has these three huge leaves,
which symbolize his restored genitals.
He got three of them.
He got three.
He got three penises, that is.
Yeah.
Well, there's one, so there's one leaf of,
I don't want to be crude.
One leaf is the penises too.
It's representing a, basically, it's a cock and balls
in tree form to symbolize his renewed nads.
There's a cock and balls in Canterbury Cathedral
stained glass that you've got to do tours
of Canterbury Cathedral to tell the school children that.
You know, the Seminole people have their own Bigfoot.
The Seminole people have the Skunk Ape of Florida.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I have a mug at home, which is the Skunk Ape of Florida,
which James gave to me off the back of a holiday.
Was that the holiday?
It was, it was like a museum to the Skunk Ape or something
and I thought you the mug, yeah.
And we based, this is inside baseball again,
but we based the design of our No Such Thing as a Fish mug
on that mug.
Did we?
Yeah.
Same colors, same sort of style, yeah.
We already had the colors to be fair.
No, because it's a blue mug.
The No Such Thing as a Fish mug?
Yeah.
It's not blue.
It's black.
Oh, did we go black in the end?
Yeah.
With yellow on the inside?
We went with yellow and black,
which are the colors we've used for the podcast
for the last eight years.
Controversial.
I don't know.
You'll spin off mug industry.
Well, it was based on that, which was blue and yellow.
That's fun.
Yeah, it's all falling together.
That's so far inside baseball.
You've come out the other end.
Our mug is based on a mug that I love that.
Well, look, I did expect it to come up.
There's an interesting thing that I quite like,
which was in ancient Greece,
you might have two ages kind of.
So you would have Kronos,
which is the amount of time that went since you were born.
And so that's like an objective.
This is how old you are.
I'm 43 years old or whatever.
And they would also have Kairos,
which was your own personal sense of time passing.
So if you felt much younger than you actually were,
that would be your Kairos.
So in my Kairos, I feel about 21,
but in my Kronos, I'm 43.
You were never 21.
Even in your Kronos team, you were never 20.
You came out fully born.
The ancient Greeks are actually where we get
a lot of our birthday celebrations,
which I genuinely find quite surprising
because it's the sort of thing you read
and you think that's got to be a myth.
And then we can actually trace the birthday cake from then,
when they used to celebrate Artemis' birthday.
You could work out the birthday of the birthday cake.
The birthday of the birthday cake is, yeah,
17th of December, 5000 BC.
And birthday candles, they were your Greeks as well.
They were, weren't they?
Really?
But yeah, it was for Artemis.
For a long time,
people only celebrated God's and King's birthdays in Queens.
So you would have had a celebration in UCI, I suppose,
but the rest of us would have been.
We'd have been lost.
And they celebrated Artemis and, you know,
had these moon-shaped cakes that are always described as,
which surely is just a cake.
And then it was a different moon shape
once you'd eaten some of the cake.
Yeah, maybe you had to eat it like you were waning it.
Yeah, oh, that's quite nice.
Yeah, yeah.
You need a huge mouth to make that crescent shape.
Where's my cake, God?
It's a new moon, sorry.
I want to give us cake.
Just one thing on Gramophones.
Oh, yeah.
As we're on the Grammys.
So, singer Nick Drake?
Yeah, him.
Yeah, of course.
So, you know Drake, the rapper?
His first name's Nick.
So the first three albums were folk,
and then he got rid of the first name.
So Nick Drake died in 1974.
Nonetheless, he's going on tour this year.
Again, are you sure you have a mistaken Nick Drake
with actual Drake?
Nominated, he's nominated.
Sorry, nominated.
No, his personal, this is the way I think,
his personal Gramophone is the thing that's going on tour.
Okay.
He's going on tour with his personal test recording
of one of his albums called Pink Moon.
Yeah.
And it's going to be taken around and played
in several different locations.
That's awesome.
That's the tour.
Well, the kind of people who like him
are the kind of people who would love that shit, right?
Whereas normal people, probably not that interested.
That's good enough, yeah, yeah.
That's definitely good.
Well, there's a double reason you'd like us down,
because this is not the first time this has happened.
In 2007, John Lennon's piano went on tour around the USA.
Did he?
Yeah.
The white piano?
The Imagine piano?
I'm not sure which piano it was actually.
This time.
He probably owned a couple.
He had a few Bob by the end, but yeah.
Cool.
Yeah, no, I think you're right, James.
Like, this turns out I just don't need
the actual musicians to come on tour.
I'm just happy just seeing, like, what?
Are you telling me his, his, what?
Trousers are going on tour?
You can't be in.
MC Hammer's trousers.
The tar of the world.
They just dance by themselves.
They just move them up and down on a rail.
Great.
Seals have retractable nipples.
No, yes.
Handy.
Yeah.
So the idea is that it's when they're in the,
this is the female seals, when they're in a breastfeeding stage,
what they will do is, and this is,
they do this because sometimes they're restricted fully to the sea.
And I guess they, they don't want another way of, you know,
flooding and, and heading to the bottom of the water.
Well, as the water going in through the nipples.
That doesn't feel like it would happen.
It feels like that's not, yep, that's a good point.
Whenever I have a bath, my breasts get to 10 times their size.
So you have to squat it all out afterwards, isn't it?
But have you gone swimming?
Water's a bit lower today.
Oh, it's been ladies hour.
I think he was quite inspired by a guy called Walking Stuart,
who was a man he met in France and he loved walking Stuart.
And this is actually a guy who loads of the great philosophers
and writers of the day really loved.
And he was a bloke who'd basically walked from India
and through Persia and Abyssinia and African countries.
And then he walked through America later.
He loved walking and he didn't record his travels
because he thought that they should be travels of the mind.
So he never wrote anything.
He sounds like an absolute wanker, doesn't he?
You can imagine him propping up some bar
as he tries to chat you up.
So, well, actually, I'm a traveler of the mind,
which is why I haven't found a publisher yet.
I don't want a publisher, you know.
He was, we've all met them on our gap years.
He's definitely candidate for that.
How do we know about him?
Is it just through other people's accounts?
He was written about a lot.
And he also did end up publishing a lot of stuff,
including what he called his stupendous essay.
He thought it was a great work.
Very much the Russell Brand of V.
Voldemort, Janusak, who's basically my favourite human alive,
who's, he did a series, he's a presenter in the UK,
and he did a series called The Dark Ages, Age of Light.
And it was fantastic.
Fun fact, on the previous 400 episodes,
we've always cut out and referred to her favourite human alive,
Voldemort, Janusak.
She's never referred to him before now.
What's going on?
I feel that you've really been, you've been holding out.
I'm trying to keep it quiet.
I can't.
I'm obsessed with him.
Just on a side, technically, I learned this the other day,
suckling.
Babies don't suckle.
Babies suck and the mother suckles.
Yes, you're so right.
A mother is the suckler.
Yeah, I'm sorry about that.
You like to go around correcting breastfeeding women, don't you, James?
Just in Starbucks.
I'm like, excuse me, just in case you thought
the baby was suckling.
It's not.
You are.
Yeah, and then I go, although to be fair,
in modern parlance, you can have it either way.
But I'm just saying technically, etymologically, that's what's up.
And you sell those t-shirts saying your baby sucks, which...
Actually, that reminds me of something that,
something I submitted as a fact for this week,
but which was not chosen by the committee of you guys,
which was that reptiles don't suck.
They can't suck.
Oh, yeah.
Was it? I didn't see that.
I didn't even see that one.
I saw it.
Yeah, all right.
James deleted it.
They literally can't suck.
If you left a lizard next to a smoothie, it would die.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah, they can't form the shape with their mouths to suck.
That's an exclusively mammalian thing.
Yeah, okay.
How interesting.
Yeah, and there was one reptile,
I think about a hundred million years ago, which could.
They found that it had evidence of the muscles
and then it just lost it.
That's the only one they've ever found, I think.
So what do they, how do they eat?
Because you can eat a smoothie by just tipping it over.
Not if you don't have opposable thumbs
and there's a top on it and there's a straw.
It's hard to get at it.
It's a sealed, it's a sealed shop fresh smoothie.
Okay, right.
Yeah, which they can't tip over
because it's in a little indentation on the ground.
Yeah.
That's a great fact.
I've done this dozens of times.
The lizard dies every single time.
Do you know, I don't think I've mentioned this before
about mirrors.
Sorry, this is a random tangent,
but I remember finding it so amazing.
If you're looking at yourself in a mirror
and you want to see how your legs are looking
and you can only see your top half, what do you do?
Walk backwards.
Like, everyone think you would do that?
I'd move the mirror.
Because in my mind, I'm holding a small silver-backed mirror.
Ah, you see, now I've got a full-length mirror
and I'm just thinking I need to get as far away
from it as possible to get my full body in it.
Yeah, it's welded to the wall, so you can't move it.
You can only move yourself.
But you...
Oh, but hang on.
No, but if you leaned in really close...
Oh, that's so clever.
If you leaned in really close and kind of looked down,
then you'd see your legs.
If you leaned in really close and you looked down,
you can see your legs.
Exactly.
Moving back doesn't help at all.
So if you look at your...
Yeah, you stay exactly the same size in a mirror.
It's just the mirror gets more distant in your view.
So if you look at your head in a mirror
and then you measure it by putting your fingers in front of your eyes,
you're looking at your reflection.
Yeah, and so you can...
There's a certain distance between your fingers
and that accommodates your head.
If you walk back and back and back endlessly,
your head's, I think, always going to be the same size
until the mirror disappears out of view.
That's amazing.
The thing is, I guess, I can already see my legs
without the use of a mirror.
That's why it hasn't presented such a problem
for humanity, as you might think.
So, Anna, what's going on?
Why do people...
Because I think we all do think to ourselves,
"Oh, yeah, just walk backwards."
So why do we think that?
I think it's basically to do with the fact
that as you walk backwards, you think,
"I'll get smaller, so the mirror will accommodate more of me."
But the logical way of thinking about it
is the mirror gets proportionally smaller as well.
So as you're getting smaller in the mirror,
the mirror is getting proportionally smaller.
It's further away.
The mirror is staying, as in it's further away, sorry.
Yeah, so it looks smaller.
So I guess if you were taking a photograph of somebody
or if you were trying to take in more of a scene
or you're sketching for watercolors or whatever,
the further back you go, the more you see,
but it doesn't work for the mirror.
It would work with a filial camera, right?
Yes.
So if I'm trying to film my own legs, that's fine.
Or sketch your own legs.
Yeah, if someone else is trying to film your own legs,
then if they walk further and further back,
they will accommodate your legs eventually.
It's one of those cute, viral things on the internet.
This guy sketched his own legs every day for a year.
Do you know Hawaiian monk seals?
Keep getting eels stuck up their noses.
No, yeah, I saw a photo of it.
Have you seen the pictures?
Yeah, it's amazing.
Seals and eels.
Seals and eels, yeah, it's a great double ax.
There aren't many of them left, about 1400,
so we don't want them to stop the eels.
The monk seals.
The monk seals, yeah.
And...
They suffocate, what, as in they die?
No, they actually don't die, they're fine,
but we just don't want it happening.
Yeah, you want to keep...
You sure?
What's the reason for it?
And presumably the eel hasn't given consent.
It's dark when no one's interviewed the eels,
because they're all dead by the time it's happened.
I don't know if it's like in a 60-wan game.
They're sucking them, yeah, head for us,
so it's just a mottled interview you get out of there.
What on earth are you doing?
They're not sure why.
Conservation has suggested two ways it's happened.
Either when seals are foraging around for food
in rock crevices and there's an eel in there,
it launches itself defensively at the seal
and shoots up its nose, maybe,
but they think that's a bit weird,
because they are really deep in the nose.
Like, it takes a minute to pull the full eel all the way out.
Oh, my gosh.
That's a great magic trick, isn't it?
Like the handkerchief's in his pocket.
It is.
There's more eel.
So they think that it's not that.
They think that the seals have swallowed the eel's hole
and then they've regurgitated them through their nose.
Some has made them laugh.
Some hasn't.
Wow.
He was so funny.
I had the anus of an eel poking out
of my nose.
He's brilliant.
You'll love him.
It's better than any applause for a comedian.
Eel anuses throughout the audience.
Oh, lovely.
Yeah.
So you.
What was that?
That was some seals.
Singing kiss from a rose by seals.
What were seals singing?
That was actual seals.
Beautiful.
That's incredible.
That's very good.
Very good.
Do you remember on Don't Forget Your Toothbrush,
the TV show of the late 90s, early 2000s?
Chris Evans posted.
And they used to do a thing called Superfan,
where they had a celebrity and then a superfan.
And obviously it was they pitted against to see who knew more
about the celebrity, the celebrity themselves,
or the superfan.
Oh, it sounds like an absolute stalker's charter.
Well, yeah.
Wasn't it?
Yeah.
Was there a scream between them?
Was there a Hannibal Lecter mask at any point?
Well, the prize was that something.
You get to spend a day on your own in their house.
You can wear their skin like a mask.
It was, yeah, because as far as I remember,
I remember one with Barry White, and it was some massive fan.
So Barry White gave this woman a handkerchief
that he had mopped the sweat from his brow with, which you sort of go,
"Yeah, just hanging onto your favorite celebrity's DNA."
I think that's encouraging some questionable behavior
that we shouldn't be.
What, giving them sort of your own sweats?
Make your own.
Well, you can make your own, can't you at home?
Make your own Barry White.
Just sell those kids.
Clone your own.
With their sweat.
Can you clone someone from their sweat?
I believe not.
It's just water, isn't it?
Salty water.
You're just going to get a giant human-shaped lump of salty water.
Or somebody else had used it.
You know, Chris Evans had used it to wipe his sweat as well.
And then you accidentally caught Chris Evans.
And you made an Evans White crossover.
Like the fly.
Yeah.
Great version of the fly though, but it comes out he's half Chris Evans.
It's the dream man.
Barry Ginger, it would be.
Have you guys heard of Eithelbert's code?
This is an Anglo-Ithelbert.
Great.
It's just an Ethelbert.
Yeah, it's definitely an AE at the start of it.
I believe it's pronounced Ethelbert.
Like my local church in Bolton is St. Ethelbert's.
But it's felt like that, AE.
Well, they got rid of the AE.
Well, I'm going to keep up.
Look, they're all dead.
No one's going to complain.
Eithelbert.
You have to say it like that.
All right, Ethelbert's might be Ethel.
This code is a legal encyclopedia from the 7th century.
And it's basically, it has an extensive list of crimes and punishments.
And normally for lots of them are for injuries.
So I just wanted if you could guess, which was worth more or less.
So it's kind of again, you know, it's kind of higher or lower.
Play your cards right style.
Right, knocking out a front tooth.
Okay, so the punishment for this, we're talking about.
So it's the financial penalty.
I'll give you the first one, which is six shillings.
Six shillings, okay.
What's that worth these days?
30p.
Yeah, 30p.
That's not a big fine.
It's a few Freddos.
Okay, actually these days it's probably not.
Little finger.
More than a two for sure.
Front tooth though, it's one of the big 40.
I don't mind, little finger it must be.
Because how do you drink tea otherwise?
Yeah, it's a good point.
It's 11 shillings.
James is right.
Yes, makes a lot of sense.
Stabbing a man through his genitals.
More or less than the little finger, yeah.
Does seem like it's more.
Feels like well, yeah.
12, 12 shillings.
It's less, less.
Six shillings.
Really?
Yeah, really value the little finger, yeah.
Yeah.
Crikey.
I'm taking someone's thumbnail.
More or less than stabbing someone through the penis.
Well, oh okay.
So I think more than stabbing someone through the penis,
less than the little finger.
I just, I mean, it feels like it should be way less,
but then we've already established
that stabbing someone in the penis
is actually positively encouraged.
That's Alphalbert's code, baby.
Why is he going so specific?
Surely you don't need a separate law
for taking someone's thumbnail.
Is it different to taking someone's index fingernail?
Yes, it would be actually,
because thumbs and fingers have different values.
Little finger has a different value to the thumb,
and all the fingers have different values, I believe, yeah.
All right, then.
What do you get for taking someone's thumbnail?
How would you even go about doing that?
I'd take three shillings.
Really?
Yeah, an argan.
Do you think that's cutting the top off
or to pulling out the whole thing?
Like pliers and then pulling it off like in torture, right?
Yeah, okay.
I think that's it.
Although it doesn't apply
that people went around torturing each other at the time.
Yeah.
With like a menu.
What can we afford to do then, let's go.
I can definitely stab him in the dick, but...
If you can stab him with an index fingernail,
you can't afford to take his little finger,
or you can punch him in the nose for three shillings
and take one premolar, but not a front tooth.
How much was the stabbing someone in the genitals?
That was six shillings.
So you can punch someone in the nose twice.
Or stab him in the penis.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Craigie.
Yeah.
Which would you do?
Which would I do?
Well, it depends what the person's done, doesn't it?
I wouldn't do either of those things.
Yeah.
It's implying that actually taking away someone's ability
to take the piss out of someone's genitals
by removing that little finger
is worse than removing their actual genitals.
Oh, yeah.
Because that's the main thing you use your little finger for,
isn't it?
What a good point.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the main thing.
And it's inhumane not to give someone the chance to do that.
If someone had done that to me, let's say,
I would probably want to stab that person in the penis
and could afford to.
Well, I need to brag.
Well, sorry.
We...
The advertising yield for this year is 18 shillings.
OK, that's it.
That's all of our facts.
That is the end of our compilations
for a good little while now.
But in the meantime, if you'd like to speak to me,
go to Twitter and you'll find me on @JamesHarkin
and he is on @AndrewHunterM.
Dan is on @Shrieberlan.
And if you'd like to speak to Anna,
you can email her at podcast@qi.com.
You can go to notionsthingsafish.com
for everything else to do with fish.
And if you go to qi.com/fishevents,
you will specifically get the details
of our upcoming tour dates.
We will see you next week with a normal episode.
And until then, enjoy your weekend.
Goodbye!
[music]